11/19/19
More research
Utilize online data to create a specific machine learning program- possibly start this at the end of week 
Brainstorm possible limitations that come with our machines - areas of study that made me restricted

11/20/19
Today we plan on reading more about linear regression and its applications in ML. We also want to create a README and further
brainstorm different data sets that we can use to train a machine.

11/21/19
Today we are switching from using Windows/RasPi to Google Collabs to further explore machine learning. We are going to start and
hopefully finish the Machine Learning Crash Course category that is given on the homepage of Google Collabs. Our plan is to get
comfortable with the content of this course which consists of: Intro to Pandas, TensorFlow concepts, First steps with TensorFlow,
Intro to neural nets, Intro to sparse data and embeddings.

11/22/19
Today we are using Google Collabs to further explore machine learning. We are going to start and hopefully finish the Machine
Learning Crash Course category that is given on the homepage of Google Collabs. Our plan is to get comfortable with the content of
this course which consists of: Intro to Pandas, TensorFlow concepts, First steps with TensorFlow, Intro to neural nets, Intro to
sparse data and embeddings. Doing the same things as yesterday, since we did not finish the ML Crash Course.

11/25/19
Today we are using Google Collabs to further explore machine learning. We are going to start and hopefully finish the Machine
Learning Crash Course category that is given on the homepage of Google Collabs. Our plan is to get comfortable with the content of
this course which consists of: Intro to Pandas, TensorFlow concepts, First steps with TensorFlow, Intro to neural nets, Intro to
sparse data and embeddings. Doing the same things as yesterday, since we did not finish the ML Crash Course. This crash course is
taking a while, there is a lot of new information we are trying to process. The course consists of a lot of reading and
sample code for us to look through. It also provides us with different coding exercises and videos.

12/3/19
Today we are using Google Collabs to wrap up our exploration of machine learning. We are trying to make our document to utilize
some of the ML tools that have been taught to us. We are looking over the Machine Learning Crash Course category that is given on
the homepage of Google Collabs. Our plan is to get finish up with the content of this course which consists of: Intro to Pandas,
TensorFlow concepts, First steps with TensorFlow, Intro to neural nets, Intro to sparse data and embeddings. Doing the same things
as we did before. This crash course took a while, but we were able to get a lot from the new information we found.

12/4/19
We are continuing our process of trying to run our own code in order to implement everything we have learned about machine learning 
so far. We are also updating ouy ML notes as we go. There are a few errors and things we are still trying to figure out. We are 
referring to the Google Colabs ML Crach Course for any additional information we mught need in order to get closer to having a 
working product. 
